# Growth Mind Set

It seems like self management has remained an area to focus on for sometime and I know it is something That I will continue to work on. Throughout the course of 301 I did manage to get alot better at managed my hour to hour goals and time management. I know my strength lies in self-awareness and the IS something that I am proud of and will always find room to BUILD UPON, however Its what becomes of or what I do with that self awareness (which for me becomes self management). I have built better systems to refrain from from some impulsive responses and or actions, These could come from the times where self doubt comes in. Sometimes it is important to take a step back and thats okay (especially if Ive been working on a problem for sometime…) however I do not want this to seep into my psyche when it comes to “self doubt”/ giving up or feeling defeated.

So this past class I managed to get alot of help from TA’s and really follow the 15 minute rule, this really keeps me on track so I can stay on course and continue to progress instead of allowing those feeling come into play and take over. Through out 201 I tried to not ask for help and really, that hurt me in the long run, there are instances where I could have probably gained alot more if I DID ask for help. However It was a well noted goal of mine to avoid that moment where the pit of despair becomes a well that is hard to leave…Where I would fall off the track that keeps me progressing.

Another big part of this is for me (as some what above mentioned) is me being aware enough so I can see my weaknesses that way I know what I really need to work on, Ive spent alot of time wondering aimlessly just trying to manage the “big picture” (“how to do I become a dev”) instead of looking at in individual components and working on those little pieces to put together my greater goal, for example… I know I need to work on my problem solving skills ( alot) so I have been 1. Seeking systems from people on how to solve problems. 2. I have been trying to implement those practices daily (because being consistent is most important). I know from my years of skateboarding and being a musician that practice makes alot possible, but not just aimless practicing, but being deliberate with what youre practicing will give you better results in a short amount of time than just grinding aimlessly for hours.

This is an area where I will continue to work on and as I mentioned above (from my past “careers”) that both music and skateboarding is a “practice” it is a life long endeavor and there isn’t much of an “end point”, So much as some of the reading said.. I will treat these hard moments and challenges  as “games” that way I am not being defeated… It just means there is a chance to change my trajectory and give it another shot.

## Things I want to know more about.

I honestly Want to take in what I can from my fellow classmates. I know I have alot to learn and alot of areas that I need to work on. But if im going to learn anything about coding then I have great teachers and really.. such amazing classmates.
